{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Goal:\
- Some Econ Journal\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 1. Introduce the model and give some background with its issues highlighting drive by economists to increase complexity. Punchline: this may not be a good idea at all.\'a0Bias-variance tradeoff.\
2. Data processing issues. Why the HP-filter stinks. (I've been thinking about this recently because it's hard for me to imagine measuring forecast accuracy while preprocessing the data with a 2-sided filter. I think this can build on the BV tradeoff and talk about the need for 1-sided filters. When I reran the series-flipping exercise this week, I did 1-sided as well as 2-sided. The 1-sided results are even better: the model is even less able to distinguish the differences. The 1-sided filter also gives a nice baseline prediction: filter with CV chosen tuning parameter.)\
3. Series flipping. Can the model tell the difference between the data.\
4. Simulate from model. How much data do we need to choose this model?\
5. In sample, out of sample and regret. Estimate to time t, predict time t+1. Compare this forecast error to in-sample and contrast accumulated forecast error with regret from some individual sequence prediction (could use growing ensembles of VARs left unexplained or maybe just a basket of economic forecasters like the Blue Chip).\
6. Adjust the parameters and talk about how the implied state space model changes. A return to bias-variance by explaining how the DSGE assumptions send us to a bizarre SS model. Compare it to some more sensible prior on the same SS \
\
Code
\fs28  
\fs24 Dec 12 Folder - Contains some code for the student running programs, also contains raw data and code to estimate/forecast/simulate with RBC model\
\
Output 130224 - Contains code for the "Simulate and estimate" exercise, data as well\
\
Daniel is writing!!!}